c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\obj\x86\Debug\GIOVAN.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\down1(new).xnb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\left1(new).xnb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\right1(new).xnb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\up1(new).xnb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GIOVAN.exe
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GIOVAN.pdb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\obj\x86\Debug\GIOVAN.exe
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\obj\x86\Debug\GIOVAN.pdb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\right1(new).png
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Title.xnb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Title.spritefont
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\down1(new).xnb
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\left1(new).xnb
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\right1(new).xnb
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Title.xnb
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\up1(new).xnb
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\right1(new).png
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Title.spritefont
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GIOVAN.exe
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GIOVAN.pdb
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\obj\x86\Debug\GIOVAN.exe
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\obj\x86\Debug\GIOVAN.pdb
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tool - Hooker With a Penis.wma
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tool - Hooker With a Penis.xnb
C:\srccrtl\GIOVAN\GIOVAN\obj\x86\Debug\GIOVAN.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
